[Music]
good a mate as you probably guessed I'm
greeting you from the land down under
where people pay with plastic money some
fish are over 300 million years old and
cockroach racing is a big deal you
better listen up or else my friend the
drop bear will find you if only it were
real number why to get an idea of how
huge Australia is just imagine this
there's a cattle ranch called Anna Creek
station that's bigger than Israel with
an area of five million eight hundred
fifty one thousand acres it's the
largest working cattle ranch in the
world and it's seven times larger than
America's biggest located in Texas
number two you might have seen a lot of
weird eBay listings but one guy from
Australia out weirded them all in 2006
he tried to sell New Zealand and a
starting price of less than a cent it
escalated quickly but when the price
reached $2,100 with 22 bidders eBay
closed the auction they explained that a
nation of 5 million was definitely not
for sale number 3 if you're over 18
years old
then you're legally old enough to vote
in Australia but missing a vote without
a good reason
will cost you anywhere from 20 to 50
dollars 20 is for first-timers and if
you do it again it rises to 50 if you
refuse to pay the fine be prepared to
say goodbye to your driver's license
number 4 what does the Sydney Opera
House look like to you a bunch of sales
in fact the architect who designed it
was inspired when eating an orange if
you put together the segment's it would
be a perfect sphere Danish architect
Jorn hood son never got to see his
masterpiece completed since he moved
back to his country when financing was
suspended after 9 years of working on
the project number 5 there are 150
random giant sculptures across the
country giant statues of mushrooms egg
horns ants boxing crocodile and whatnot
are placed along roads to attract
tourists it's hard to resist the
temptation of a giant cheese statue that
was made for selfies you know some
people even deliberately go on road
trips to take pictures of all the big
things of Australia as they're called
number six
normally road signs give you precautions
or inform you about something in
Australia some roads are so long and
boring that they put signs there to
entertain drivers they can contain
images of rich local fauna or trivia
questions to keep you alert and possibly
even save your life in the fatigue zone
number seven what could be even better
than trivia at saving your life a seat
belt of course in 1970 the Australian
state of Victoria
became the first on the planet to
introduce the compulsory seat belt law
for drivers and front seat passengers
number eight Americans were the first to
patent the ugg brand but the legendary
boots actually come from australia
farmers and peasants have been wearing
sheepskin turned inside out as boots
since the beginning of the 20th century
the locals call them very ugly boots and
wear them both outside and inside why
inside because when it's cold outside
the houses are really cold too so uggs
can help you keep warm
number 9 since 1988 Australian money has
been made out of polymer a special kind
of plastic Australia was the first
country in the world to introduce
plastic money it's more practical since
it stays in good condition for a longer
time than paper banknotes one cool fact
about plastic bills here is that if you
tear a $10 bill in two parts you can use
each half as a $5 bill number 10
Australia is such a great place to be
that at least 70 tourists overstay their
visas every week according to the
Australian Department of Home Affairs
there are at least 62,000 people who
came to the country for a vacation and
stayed forever it might be the really
good salaries and social support the
straw
making beauty of the country or
something in the water that makes them
choose Australia over their home
countries
number 11 in Australia rent a grandma
services are pretty popular what's the
difference between a regular nanny and a
professional grandma the first will take
care of your kids and the second will
take care of everything in your
household just like a real grandma would
they babysit pets it cook like chefs
help arranging events and can even be
your personal assistants and they come
with a 60-day guarantee period so if
something goes wrong you can get another
grandma number 12 the super famous
Australia named Kylie comes from the
name of an Aboriginal Noongar hunting
stick something like a boomerang it
became popular in the 1970s thanks to
local writer Kylie Tennant who was
actually called Kathleen but used her
childhood nickname Kylie as her pen name
by the way the most popular girls name
in Australia for the last three years is
Charlotte inspired by the daughter of
Prince William number 13 Australia is
home to the longest golf course on the
planet no larb or Lynx is an 18-hole par
72 golf course that's 850 miles long it
stretches across the two southern coast
states and was opened in 2009 number 14
the first police force Down Under
was made up entirely of convicts in 1788
governor Arthur Phillip decided the
country needed someone to help fight the
growing crime so he created the Night
Watch 12 of the best behaved convicts
were selected to patrol the settlement a
few other convicts became members of the
Sydney Foot police and in 30 years
there were over 60 constables in Sydney
most of them previous convicts 15 there
was a fun incident at the official
opening ceremony of the Sydney Harbour
Bridge in 1932 Francis de Groot who was
a retired cavalry officer decided to
steal the show and slice through the sir
Moneo ribbon with his sword before the
New South Wales premier Jack Lang as a
result DeGroot was charged for the
damaged ribbon which had to be retied
and the poor guy was taken to a mental
hospital number 16 the Australian
national soccer team set a world record
in 2001 when it beat American Samoa 31
to nothing
it was the 2002 FIFA World Cup
qualifying game and brought the Aussies
the largest ever victory in an
international football match number 17
even though it's really easy to find
kangaroo meat in supermarkets and
restaurants across the country it's not
what Australians eat all the time
despite the common stereotype in fact
around 3300 tonnes of it or 70% of the
product is exported to 60 countries
around the world and you can stick that
fact in your pouch number 18 the wombat
is the only animal in the world that has
cube-shaped poo some experts believe
it's used to mark territory since it
doesn't roll away others believe it's
because of the dry environment they live
in I think it's because it might have a
square-shaped call it but what do I know
19 in Australia you can find the only
living specimen from the Triassic period
over 350 million years ago it's the lung
fish the only fish that can breathe air
with a single lung in dry periods when
there isn't enough water in the streams
it hasn't changed much in the last 110
million years kind of like root beer
number 20 the famous Australian drop
bear is actually just a tail for
tourists the predatory huge version of
the Koala won't attack you during your
journey so you don't have to put a fork
in your hair spread Vegemite behind your
ears or speak with an Australian accent
all of these tips are believed to help
scare the monster away 21 in 1979 the
town of esperance in Western Australia
find NASA $400 for littering in a public
park debris from the orbital space
station Skylab happened to land there
NASA refused to pay the fine for over 30
years 22 there's a fire in New South
Wales that's been burning for over 5,500
years
it's a coal fire hidden 100 feet beneath
Mount winkin blinkin is what the
Aborigines call fire and they used it
for cooking warmth and so on
23:00 every year the cockroach racing
world championship takes place in
Brisbane the first one took place in
1982 and ever since it's become a big
hit if you ever decide to take part in
it you can either bring your own roach
or buy one directly at the event venue
24 australians tend to invent nicknames
for everything aussie which is short for
australia brisee is brisbane footy is
football good day is good day arvo is
afternoon and barbie is BBQ keep it in
mind when you visit straya yeah that's
what they call their own country 25
Australia could have been Dutch Dutchman
Abel Tasman discovered Australia in 1642
over a hundred years before James Cook
in 1770 however the British took over
the land and decades later New Holland
became
Terra Australis and then Australia Abel
Tasman got the island nation Tasmania
named after him so which of these facts
sound like the craziest to you let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share with a friend but hey
mate don't go down under or anywhere
else just yet we have over 2,000 cool
videos for you to check out all you have
to do is pick the left or right video
click on it and enjoy stay on the bright
side of life